Hide Scenery Author behind debug (#22251)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Feature: [#20832] The ride music tab now shows a track listing for the current music style.
- Feature: [#22172] [Plugin] Expose ride satisfaction ratings to the plugin API.
- Feature: [#22213] [Plugin] Allow plugins to focus on textboxes in custom windows.

> - Change: [#22251] Author on the scenery window is now hidden behind debug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change: [#22251] Hide author info in the scenery window unless debug tools are active.
```
